40 new feature change the reference wind scale (#75)
umr-amap/StormR: vignettes/ExtractStorms.Rmd

terra::plot(countriesHigh, add = TRUE)
```

### Using different wind scale

> By default the Saffir-Simpson hurricane wind scale is used in `defStormsList()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default the Saffir-Simpson hurricane wind scale (SSHS) is used in `defStormsList()`
```

to assign level to storms.

The maximum level reached in the scale for each cyclone
can then be obtained using the `getScale()` function as follows:

``` {r chunk11}
getScale(st)
```

In this case, the SSHS scale is composed of 6 thresholds resulting in 6 levels
spanning from level 0 to level 6.

We can only plot cyclones that reached level 5 and 6 using the `category`
argument of the `plotStorms()` function as follows:

``` {r chunk12}
plotStorms(st, category = c(5, 6), labels = FALSE, legends = "topright")
```

> Finally, the user can choose his own scale and associated palette, by setting the `scale` and `scalePalette` inputs in `defStormsList()`. In the following example, we use the Tokyo's tropical cyclone intensity scale to analyse tropical storm PAM.
> 
> ```{r chunk 12}
> # Tokyo's tropical cyclone intensity scale 
> RSMC_SCALE = c(16.94, 24.44, 32.5, 43.33, 53.61)
> RSMC_PALETTE = c("#6ec1ea","#4dffff","#c0ffc0","#ffd98c","#ff738a","#a188fc")
> names(RSMC_PALETTE) = c("Tropical depression",
>                          "Tropical storm",
>                          "Severe tropical storm",
>                          "typhoon",
>                          "very strong typhoon",
>                          "violent typhoon")
> 
> 
> sts_jpn <- defStormsList(sds = sds,
>                         loi = "Vanuatu",
>                         names = "PAM",
>                         scale = RSMC_SCALE,
>                         scalePalette = RSMC_PALETTE,
>                         verbose = 0)
> 
> plotStorms(sts_jpn)
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, the user can choose his own scale and associated palette, by setting the `scale` and `scalePalette` inputs in `defStormsList()`. In the following example, we use the Tokyo's tropical cyclone intensity scale to analyse tropical storm PAM.

StormR provides default palette and category names:

```{r chunk 12}
# Tokyo's tropical cyclone intensity scale 
RSMC_SCALE = c(16.94, 24.44, 32.5, 43.33, 53.61)

sts_jpn <- defStormsList(sds = sds,
                        loi = "Vanuatu",
                        names = "PAM",
                        scale = RSMC_SCALE,
                        verbose = 0)

plotStorms(sts_jpn)
```

But you can also easily customize them:
```{r chunk 13}
RSMC_PALETTE = c("#6ec1ea","#4dffff","#c0ffc0","#ffd98c","#ff738a","#a188fc")
names(RSMC_PALETTE) = c("Tropical depression",
                         "Tropical storm",
                         "Severe tropical storm",
                         "Typhoon",
                         "Very strong typhoon",
                         "Violent typhoon")

sts_jpn <- defStormsList(sds = sds,
                        loi = "Vanuatu",
                        names = "PAM",
                        scale = RSMC_SCALE,
                        scalePalette = RSMC_PALETTE,
                        verbose = 0)

plotStorms(sts_jpn)

```

```

Author: Ok done
